Instructions:
Answer the user question based on the text provided.

User question:
What does the new official have to do in his position?

Text provided:
BACKGROUND
First.- By Resolution of the Technical General Secretariat of the Ministry of Territorial Policy, Territorial Cohesion and Water No. 41, of May 8, 2024 (BOC No. 98, of 5.20.2024), the public call was made for the provision, through the free designation procedure, of position no. 13205710, Head of the Legal Regime Service, assigned to the Legal Regime Service of the Technical General Secretariat of the Ministry of Territorial Policy, Territorial Cohesion and Water, with location territorial in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
Second.- After the deadline for submitting applications, the General Technical Secretariat, by delegation of the General Directorate of the Public Service by Resolution of December 9, 2019 (BOC no. 238, of 10.12.2019), dated 19 June 2024, issued the mandatory report regarding compliance with the legal and regulatory requirements established for the performance of the job position called for the candidates presented, in accordance with the fifth basis of the aforementioned call. On June 25, 2024, the Technical General Secretary, as head of the body to which the position to be provided is assigned, issues the reasoned proposal for appointment, proposing the career civil servant Ms. Otilia María García Cárdenes as she is the most suitable for Its performance.
LEGAL BASIS
I.- Procedure.- During the processing of this form of provision, the procedural steps provided for in article 80 of Royal Legislative Decree 5/2015, of October 30, which approves the consolidated text of the Law, have been followed. of the Basic Statute of Public Employees, articles 78.3 and 78.4 of Territorial Law 2/1987, of March 30, of the Canarian Public Service (BOC no. 40, of April 3), and in articles 17 to 21 of Decree 48/1998, of April 17, which regulates the provision of jobs for civil servants of the Administration of the Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands (BOC no. 53, of May 1).
II.- Competence.- In view of the reasoned proposal of the head of the management center where the job being provided is assigned, and by virtue of the competence attributed to me by article 29.1.c) of Territorial Law 14/ 1990, of July 26, of the Legal Regime of the Public Administrations of the Canary Islands (BOC no. 96, of August 1), and in accordance with the sixth basis of the call,
RESOLVED:
1.- Appoint the official indicated below, who meets all the requirements and specifications required in the call for the performance of the job in the Department of Territorial Policy, Territorial Cohesion and Water, which is also detailed. :
NAME AND SURNAME: Otilia María García Cárdenes.
ID: ***0987**.
MANAGEMENT CENTER: Technical General Secretariat.
UNIT: Legal Regime Service.
POSITION NUMBER: 13205710.
POSITION TITLE: Head of Legal Regime Service.
FUNCTIONS:
- Coordination with the remaining units of the Ministry, of the preparation and study of the matters that are submitted to the Preparatory Commission of Government Affairs and the Government Council.
- Coordinate and process draft laws under the Department's jurisdiction.
- Coordinate the formulation of observations to be made, where appropriate, to the regulatory initiatives sent by the remaining ministries.
- Analysis and preparation, in coordination with the remaining units of the Ministry, of complaints before the Common Deputy and the Ombudsman, that affect the Ministry.
- Coordinate the actions of the Ministry with the public commercial companies attached to the Ministry.
- Legal coordination of procedures on claims for property liability, both non-contractual and derived from agreements signed by the Ministry.
- Report and legal coordination in the ex officio review procedures and declaration of harmfulness of acts or, where appropriate, provisions of the Department.
- Report and legal coordination on the administrative resources that must be resolved by the head of the Ministry in matters specific to the Department.
- Coordinate the administration of records of agreements and departmental orders.
- Report and proposal in relation to requests for access to public information related to service files.
- Report and legal coordination on claims regarding the right of access to public information related to the department's files, without prejudice to the reporting functions of the remaining units of the department.
LEVEL: 28.
SPECIFIC COMPLEMENT POINTS: 75.
LINK: career civil servant.
ADMINISTRATION OF ORIGIN: Autonomous Community of the Canary Islands (CAC).
GROUP: A. SUBGROUP: A1.
BODY/SCALE ASSIGNMENT: Higher Administration Body/General Administration Scale (A111).
PREFERRED MERITS: Degree/Bachelor's Degree in Law.
DAY: normal.
LOCATION: Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
2.- The designated official will cease her current job within a period of three days, counted from the day following the publication in the Official Gazette of the Canary Islands of this Order, and will have to take office within a period of three days if resides on the island, or within one month if he resides outside of it. The deadlines for taking possession will be counted from the day following the day of dismissal.
Any of the resources indicated below may be filed against this Order, which puts an end to the administrative procedure:
- Contentious-administrative appeal before the Contentious-administrative Court of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria or before the one in which the appellant has his domicile, at his choice. The period to file will be two months, counted from the day following its notification, in accordance with the provisions of articles 8.2., 14 and 46 of Law 29/1998, of July 13, regulating the Contentious Jurisdiction -administrative.
- Optional appeal for reconsideration before this Department, within a period of one month from the day following its notification, in accordance with the provisions of articles 123 and 124 of Law 39/2015, of October 1, of the Common Administrative Procedure of Public Administrations.
After one month has elapsed since the filing of the appeal without its resolution being issued and notified, it will be deemed to have been rejected due to administrative silence, and in this case a contentious-administrative appeal may be filed against the alleged dismissal within a period of six months before the competent jurisdictional body in the terms contemplated in the previous section.
The contentious-administrative appeal may not be filed until it has been expressly resolved or the presumed dismissal of the appeal for reconsideration filed has occurred.
All this without prejudice to the interested party using any other resource that he or she deems appropriate.
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, June 26, 2024.
THE COUNSEL OF TERRITORIAL POLICY,
TERRITORIAL COHESION AND WATERS,
Manuel Miranda Medina.

Answer:
The new official has to appoint the career civil servant Ms. Otilia María García Cárdenes as Head of the Legal Regime Service, subject to the requirements and specifications established in the call for the performance of the job.